{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The novella is much more explicit in it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s discussion of it\u8217\'92s metaphysical ideas. In the narration Louise talks about how her knowledge of the events over time allows her to see that there are constraints on events that need to be satisfied and knowing the future seems to have \u8220\'93evoked a sense of urgency, a sense of obligation to act precisely as she knew she would\u8221\'94 (131). She also describes a time that she reaches up to take a bowl off a shelf and she says that it \u8220\'93didn\u8217\'92t feel like something I was forced to do. Instead it seemed just as urgent as my rushing to catch the bowl when it falls on you: an instinct that I felt right in following.\u8221\'94 (132).  The movie on the other hand doesn\u8217\'92t dive into these ideas at all and barely does more than imply the ways in which seeing the future works. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Story of Your Life}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  even goes into some detail about mathematic concepts underlying it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s conception of foresight, while the closest that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Arrival}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  comes to talking about academic ideas is that it bases the change in Louise\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s perception of time on the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis, the idea that speaking a language effects the ways that you think. The novella mentions the calculus of variations and even explains Fermat\u8217\'92s principle of least time, which says that light will always take the path between two points which minimizes the time it spends traveling between those points and is the reason that light refracts in different mediums.}}