{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red108\green87\blue101;\red160\green54\blue91;\red170\green64\blue101;\red210\green126\blue37;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-853\li1707\lin1707}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9642\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-853\li3413\lin3413}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-853\li1707\lin1707}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-853\li3413\lin3413}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs58\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>MLA PAPER TEMPLATE<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa480\sl216\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0\cf5 About This Template<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 This template is designed to produce an essay that adheres to the MLA (Modern Language Association of America) format, following the 8}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0\super th}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  edition guidelines. However, you should check the exact guidelines of the institution to which you are submitting your paper, as there can be slight variations in expectations (such as whether the first page has a header or not, or whether citations should use italics or underlines). See \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Adjusting This Template\u8221\'94 (below) for information on how to tweak your project to meet your requirements.<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf6 How To Use This Template<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Edit the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Title\u8221\'94 document so that it contains the title of your essay, your instructor\u8217\'92s name and so on.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Compose your essay in text documents inside the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Main Content\u8221\'94 folder. Whether you use a single document or multiple text files to write your essay is entirely up to you - just make sure they are all inside the \u8220\'93Main Content\u8221\'94 folder.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Indent block quotes or other special passages using styles. For instance, to add a block quote, choose \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Block Quote\u8221\'94 from the }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>Format > Style<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  menu (or from the styles button in the format bar). The required MLA formatting will be applied to block quotes during Compile.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 For specially-formatted passages you can also use the exact formatting you require and enclose them in a \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Preserve Formatting\u8221\'94 block. This tells Scrivener not to override or change the formatting for such passages during Compile. To do so, select the passage and go to }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>Format > Preserve Formatting<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 . All other text (excepting text with styles applied) will have the default MLA indentation assigned during the compilation process.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 This template includes a \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Notes\u8221\'94 document which will be used to hold any footnotes you have created in the main body of the text. If you have not created any footnotes, you should either delete this document or deselect its \u8220\'93Include in Compile\u8221\'94 setting in the inspector or the compile window.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Edit the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Works Cited\u8221\'94 file so that it contains your own bibliography, being careful to adhere to MLA formatting. (Please note that the sample text in the \u8220\'93Works Cited\u8221\'94 file is provided only as a rough example and }{\f5\fs24\b0\i1 not}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  as an exemplar. Do not use it as the basis for your own references\hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 instead, refer to the MLA formatting guidelines online or as provided by your institution.)}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Tables and Figures<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx270\tx540\tx810\tx1080\tx1350\tx1620\tx2160\tx2700\tx3240\sa60\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 If you need to use tables or figures in your essay, you can label them using the following tags, replacing \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93KEYWORD\u8221\'94 with a unique word that identifies your table or figure.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 !fig(KEYWORD)}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 !table(KEYWORD)}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 These tags will be replaced with numbers in the compiled document, with the numbering stream for figures being separate from the numbering stream for tables.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 You can refer to such tags as follows:}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 #fig(KEYWORD)}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 #table(KEYWORD)}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Here\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s an example:}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx270\tx540\tx810\tx1080\tx1350\tx1620\tx2160\tx2700\tx3240\li360\sa60\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs24\b0\i0 Table !table(sales): Sales 2011}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b0\i0 Table !table(dates): Shipment dates}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b0\i0 Figure !fig(skeleton): The skeleton of the gnu.}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b0\i0 Figure !fig(malcolmreynolds): The second coolest character in }{\f7\fs24\b0\i1 Firefly}{\f6\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f6\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u8230\'85 (For sales figures, see table #table(sales))\u8230\'85 For shipment dates, see table #table(dates)\u8230\'85 where he discovered the skeleton of a gnarled gnu (see figure #fig(skeleton))\u8230\'85 }{\f7\fs24\b0\i1 Chronicles}{\f6\fs24\b0\i0  providing a similar role, albeit without the }{\f7\fs24\b0\i1 Castle}{\f6\fs24\b0\i0  actor (see figure #fig(malcolmreynolds)).}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx270\tx540\tx810\tx1080\tx1350\tx1620\tx2160\tx2700\tx3240\sa60\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 In the compiled document, the above text would look like this:}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx270\tx540\tx810\tx1080\tx1350\tx1620\tx2160\tx2700\tx3240\li360\sa60\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs24\b0\i0 Table 1: Sales 2011}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b0\i0 Table 2: Shipment dates}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b0\i0 Figure 1: The skeleton of the gnu.}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b0\i0 Figure 2: The second coolest character in }{\f7\fs24\b0\i1 Firefly}{\f6\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx270\tx540\tx810\tx1080\tx1350\tx1620\tx2160\tx2700\tx3240\li360\sa60\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u8230\'85 (For sales figures, see table 1)\u8230\'85 For shipment dates, see table 2\u8230\'85 where he discovered the skeleton of a gnarled gnu (see figure 1)\u8230\'85 }{\f7\fs24\b0\i1 Chronicles}{\f6\fs24\b0\i0  providing a similar role, albeit without the }{\f7\fs24\b0\i1 Castle}{\f6\fs24\b0\i0  actor (see figure 2).}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Compiling<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Go to }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>File > Compile\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Ensure \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93MLA Format\u8221\'94 is selected in the \u8220\'93Formats\u8221\'94 sidebar.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The first time you compile your paper:<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx960\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\sa80\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Click on the tag icon in the the rightmost header bar of the compile window to open the metadata tab.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Fill in the title, abbreviated title and author information. The title will be used on the title page, and the surname will be used in page headers.<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 4.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Click on \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Compile\u8221\'94 when everything is set up as you want.<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf6 Adjusting This Template<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::8>Start header on second page:<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  If you require the header to be omitted from the first page and only start on the second:<!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl1{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 In the compile window, double-click on \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93MLA Format\u8221\'94 in the left sidebar to edit the format in the the compile format designer.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Click on \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Page Settings\u8221\'94 in the sidebar.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Tick \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Different header and footer on first pages\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 4.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Click the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Save\u8221\'94 button.<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::8>Font:<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  Compile is set to use Times New Roman by default. If you require a different font, set the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Font\u8221\'94 at the top of the \u8220\'93Section Layouts\u8221\'94 in the centre area of the compile window.<!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf6 Sample Document<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Example Essay\u8221\'94 PDF file in the Research folder shows how the essay will look when compiled.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Final Note<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Scrivener project templates are flexible and are not intended to restrict you to a particular workflow. You can change, delete or move the files and folders contained in the template to suit how you work.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Like all templates in Scrivener, this project was originally created from the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Blank\u8221\'94 template. Everything you can do with this project, you could equally do by creating a \u8220\'93Blank\u8221\'94 project and setting it up yourself.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 You can create your own templates by setting up a skeletal project with the files, folders and settings you would like to use for new projects and using }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>File > Save As Template\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::4>}}