{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After a few years of tech support I applied to NHTI and quit my job. Quitting was exciting and nerve wracking at the same time. It was a big risk. I wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if I would do well in school this time and if I didn\u8217\'92t, I had just lost any progress I had made at that position. I also no longer had an income and while I had savings, and not many expenses because I still lived at home. The expenses that I did have would all have to come out of my savings. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After being accepted to NHTI, I spoke with Kerry Cook, the mathematics department head, about my schedule. During the conversation she asked if I would be interested in tutoring students in math for the school which sounded great to me. It was a job that I thought I would be good at and it would be able to easily work around my schedule so I agreed to do it. Now that I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve been tutoring for a few months, I\u8217\'92ve found that I love it. It is similar to tech support in it\u8217\'92s format and goal, but I find it much more fulfilling and not frustrating at all. I also love math which also makes tutoring math enjoyable.}}