{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In both stories Louise will have a daughter who she knows will die young. In the movie Louise giving birth to this child is framed as a choice that Louise makes. In the novella there is more of a philosophical question of if this is a choice. Louise talks about how experiencing time the way that she does changes her. It makes her feel almost compelled to see the events of the future play out the way she knows they will. There is discussion in the story about certain concepts in physics based on which things seem to happen based on a goal of minimizing or maximizing something, rather than cause and effect like human beings expect. Louise relates her new experience of time to this; she says, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93by viewing events over a period of time, one recognized that there was a requirement that had to be satisfied, a goal of minimizing or maximizing.\u8221\'94 }{(129).  She ponders on what this means for the idea of free will but does not feel a dilemma like she appears to in the movie. }
\par\plain {The movie also suggests that her husband leaves her because he finds out that she knew all along that their daughter would die, whereas in the book we know that he does not find out that she knew because Louise says that she does not tell anyone that she knows the future. Both of these emotional experiences, her daughter dieing and her husband leaving her are treated as matter of fact by the narration and without much emotion even though it is Louise doing the narration. She seems to care about, but is at peace with, these events.}}