{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c100000;;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=NOTE: These references are provided only as a rough example. Before you replace them with your own references, be sure to check the MLA formatting guidelines either online or with your institution to ensure that you use the latest standards.\\end_Scrv_annot\}}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Barron, W. R. J. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Trawthe and Treason: The Sin of Gawain Reconsidered}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 . Manchester UP, 1980. }
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-720\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Brewer, Derek. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The Social Context of Medieval English Literature.\u8221\'94 }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 The New Pelican Guide to English Literature: 1. Medieval Literature Part One: Chaucer and the Alliterative Tradition}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 , edited by Boris Ford. Penguin, 1995, pp. 15-40. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Burrow, J. A. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 A Reading of Sir Gawain and the Green Knight}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 . Routledge, 1965. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Haines, Victor Yelverton. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 The Fortunate Fall of Sir Gawain: The Typology of Sir Gawain and the Green Knight}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 . UP of America, 1982. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Jokinen, Annina, editor. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sir Gawain and the Green Knight.\u8221\'94 }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Luminarium: Anthology of English Literature}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 . 28 Jan. 2010, }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.completewebaddress.com"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 www.completewebaddress.com}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Jones, Alfred. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Understanding Old English Poetry.\u8221\'94 }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Time, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 10 Oct. 2001, pp. 50-62. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kiteley, J. F. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The Knight Who Cared for His Life.\u8221\'94 }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Critical Studies of Gawain and the Green Knight}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 . Edited by Donald R. Howard and Christian K. Zacher. U of Notre Dame P, 1968, pp. 215-222. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pearsall, Derek. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Old English and Middle English Poetry}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 . Routledge, 1977.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shepherd, Geoffrey. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The Nature of Alliterative Poetry in Late Medieval England.\u8221\'94 }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Proceedings of the British Academy}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  [New York] vol. 56, no. 1, Winter 1970, pp.  57-76. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 MLA International Bibliography}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 , www.mlaaddress/complete.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thurby, Andrew and Samuel Gray. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Heroes of Middle English Alliterative Poetry}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 . DK, 2001.}}